hi guys how you doing today I'm going to
show you how to install our software
onto the iPhone three things I just like
to bring to your attention first of all
number one you have to have access to
the phone that you want to install the
software onto this is what we actually
call the target phone you cannot install
this software remotely number two this
the monitor phone is the phone that you
will use to intercept calls and perform
any call bugging functions and number
three make sure that the target phone
has an operational simin is connected to
either the internet via a data plan or
Wi-Fi also just to note that the iPhone
must be jailbroken for more information
on jailbreaking click on the link below
these videos you need to find the login
details that were sent to your email
address upon first purchasing or taking
the free trial of our software simply
log in to your user account through
double clicking on the link provided it
will take you to your login portal
entering your username your password and
you will then be taken to your dashboard
on the left hand side menu of your
dashboard
scroll down to account and then what you
will see under license key you will be
provided your activation code once you
have your activation code you will need
to find the zip the Cydia icon on your
iPhone like you can see here so tap on
the city or icon just wait for it to
come up and you will come to the Cydia
home page then along here you have a
menu tap manage and then sources edit
and then add and we're gonna be asked to
enter in a URL I actually have mine here
so I can just paste it in apologies and
the URL is iOS DM WCC tap on add source
and as you can see it's starting to
download
then tuck return to Cydia once complete
and the URL we added is their set up on
that and then tap system call and then
install
and then top confirm
and it will start to run the software
okay next stage once that's run tap on
restart springboard if it takes a while
to do its stuff don't worry okay so it's
brought us back to our actual lock
screen so slide to unlock and what we're
going to do now is actually make a phone
call
so dial star hash 900 900 900 and then
tap call and then end and what you
actually see now is that you've been
taken to the software settings screen
tap activate and enter in your
activation code
once you've entered it to activate the
activation has been a success once
that's been done tap ok and then go back
to your home screen and we're actually
going to make another phone call this
time you're going to need to do the
following star hash and then enter in
the activation code dial it and end the
pool and it will take you back to this
screen the system call screen and you're
going to tap configure' and this
basically will the next screen would
allow you to change the visibility of
the Cydia icon on the actual phone's
home page at the minute you can see it
we're going to turn it to off so you
can't see it and go back and then go
back to your home screen you will
actually see that it's gone for more
information on how to configure your
software for specific functions just
take a look at the video on how to
configure your iPhone software or give
us a call on the live help desk for more
assistance